Release 1.1.0 (#621)
change-metrics/monocle: README.md

# Monocle

> Monocle is designed for development teams to provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monocle is designed for development teams to provide:
```

- analytics on project changes
- boards to display changes by criteria

> It help teams and individual to better organize them self for daily duty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It helps teams and individual to better organize daily duties
```

and to detect anomalies in the way changes are produced.

> Monocle supports projects hosted on GitHub, GitLab and Gerrit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monocle supports GitHub, GitLab and Gerrit.
```

Explore the website and blog: [changemetrics.io website](https://changemetrics.io)

Try on the demo instance: [demo.changemetrics.io](https://demo.changemetrics.io)

> Chat with us at the project Matrix room: [#monocle:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#monocle:matrix.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chat with us in the project Matrix room: [#monocle:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#monocle:matrix.org)
```

## Screenshots of Monocle from the demo instance

The activity view:

> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/change-metrics/monocle/assets/images/monocle-1.1.0/monocle-activity.png" width="40%" height="40%" />

Reviewer: The images are a bit small, could we make them 60% or 80% instead?
